Last time on Sonic X, after
a high-flying battle,
Tails transformed the X Tornado
into Battle Armor mode
and headed straight for the Egg Carrier
with Sonic and Knuckles in tow
to rescue Amy from the clutches of Eggman.
Hang on!
Almost there!
Let's bring it in for a
nice, smooth landing, Tails.
Aah! Oh, no!
What is it?
You'll have to settle for nice and bumpy.
We don't have any wheels!
What?
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
Let's go!
Right! [Laughs]
Later, guys!
Quick! Launch attack!
- Yes, sir.
[Missiles flying] [Explosions]
He's turning back!
Tails! You okay?
Uh-huh! [Laughs]
Come on!
Aah!
I'll meet up with you later.
Now's my chance to search for
the rest of that Master Emerald.
But, Knuckles!
Don't sweat it, Tails. You
and I can look for Amy.
Let's go before they launch another attack.
We missed them, Doctor.
Now what?
They won't get far.
[Chirps]
Oh, Gamma!
Report to the control deck immediately.
I have a job for you.
[Panting for breath]
Now if we can only find a way out!
[Chirps in panic]
We got you!
Yeah!
Woah!
I don't think so!
Please, calm down.
Back off!
[Evil laugh]
Going so soon?
Oh, Eggman!
Hmm?
Don't you think you ought to
pick on somebody your own size?
You did come!
Get outta my way!
[Yells]
[Crashing]
We gotcha! Give up?
Dazed I guess so.
Huh?
[Panicked chirp]
No! Lily!
Let her go, Decoe!
Boys, keep your eyes on the birdy.
Yes, Doctor.
Now, then.
[Scared chirp]
Let's have it.
[Chirping]
You won't be needing this.
Nice birdy.
Look! It's a Chaos Emerald!
[Cackles] Lucky me!
Give back the birdy.
Lily!
[Chirps]
[Giggles]
You're safe.
You called, Dr. Eggman?
What is your wish?
- It's you!
- EGGMAN: [Chuckles]
How about a little bit of target practice?
Yes, Doctor.
[Gasp] No!
Aim for the blue one.
Gotta catch me first!
Yay! This should be fun!
Go for it!
Ready. Aim.
Don't shoot, robot!
It's Eggman that's making him act this way.
Huh?
He's really nice!
[Gunfire]
Wo-woah!
[Gasp]
Robot!
[Yelps]
[Lasers, gunfire]
What's going on?
Beats me!
[Lasers firing]
Please, stop shooting!
[Laughs]
No!
Just missed me that time!
[Lasers blasting]
Oof!
Woah!
Leave him alone, Sonic!
This doesn't concern you, Amy.
Stay out of the way!
You can't hurt him!
He doesn't mean to be bad!
Hmm.
He set us free!
Okay. If you say so.
A friend of yours is a friend of-
[Loud blast] Woah!
Aah! Hey, you guys! The ship!
I have a feeling we're losing altitude!
What is happening?
I don't know, Doctor.
I think we're falling!
Impossible!
Wait for us!
Eggman's running away!
Maybe we should follow 'em.
No sweat. I'll take care of 'em.
You find a way to get Amy
and Lily offa this thing.
Mr. Robot? Can you hear me?
Are you okay?
[Chirping]
Shouldn't we stick together?
We don't have much time
to lose, Tails. Hurry up!
But-
Come on, Tails, old buddy.
You're my right hand man!
[Laughs]
Uh... Um...
Okay.
Atta boy!
He's really hurt.
Let's go, Amy!
We can't leave.
[Chirping]
Mr. Robot?
[Beeping]
[Concerned chirping]
Hey! He's awake!
Ow...
Oh, thank goodness you're alright!
You were knocked for quite a loop.
I was afraid you might never wake up.
You saved my life.
I was glad to do it.
Just returning the favor.
[Chirping in agreement]
Goodbye again!
Thank you for everything!
Woah!
Thank
you
That's him! That's Froggy!
Let's hurry!
[Explosion]
Ooh?
What was that explosion?
Ribbit!
Ribbit, ribbit, ribbit!
Froggy can't get out!
Just stay calm.
Hey!
Huh?
Tails! Amy! Down here!
It's a good thing I followed you.
Sonic's still up there.
Ow! What the-?
[Groans]
[Shakes it off]
Now that I've found the
rest of the Master Emerald,
I'm outta here!
Huh?
Woah!
Not again.
This is getting ridiculous.
Huh?
Oh!
Hey! Are you okay?
I-I did my best to stop them.
But Father and the others
would not listen to me.
I don't... know what to do.
[Cries]
Wh-what's that? [Gasps]
Huh?
Woah...
Who are you?
Hey! Come back!
Augh!
What's happening?
There must be some reason why
I'm being shown these things.
Calm down, Big! Relax!
Try not to panic!
[Gulping]
Feeling better now?
I think so.
Well, that's good.
[Grunting]
Be careful!
I almost fell! I don't know
if I can hold on any longer!
I'm sorry, Big. It's just no use.
I can't reach him from here.
Ooh! Don't give up!
Maybe it might be easier if I
hold you out a little bit more.
[Grunting with effort]
Got him!
Alright! Hurry!
Let's get outta here!
[Grunting]
Oh, no!
[Evil laugh]
It's Eggman!
[Loud cackling]
Ah!
Woah!
Ribbit...
Well, well. Tryin' to get the jump on me, eh?
Chaos, this freaky froggy
has the most unusual "tail"
if you catch my meaning.
[Menacing growl]
[Scared]
Quick, let's make a run for it!
Yeah!
[Grunts, Panting]
Put him down!
Ribbit...
[Evil laughter] [Ribbit]
And now, the amazing Eggman
will do some magic!
Two Emeralds. And now, to
make them both disappear!
[Grunts]
[Grunt]
[Yelling in pain]
Aah!
Now I know you had a big lunch today, Chaos,
but I hope you saved room
for some yummy dessert!
Enjoy!
No!
Hang on, Froggy! I'll save you!
Stand back, Big!
[Battle Cry]
[Dazed]
That'll work.
[Grunting]
I got you, Froggy!
Well, Chaos?
Aah!
Gotcha!
[Squirming]
Heh, heh!
Huh?
It's Sonic!
Holy cow! That's Chris in there!
Hang on!
Woah!
I'm comin', Chris! Aah..!
[Grunts]
Woah!
[Both yelling]
Whew!
Now, Chaos, let's whip
that hedgehog into shape!
Woah!
Oof!
[Evil laughter]
Tenderize it with your tendrils, Chaos!
Muffled
Sonic!
Hold on, Chris! I'll get you out!
Just hang tight!
Huh?
What the-?
Hey! Knuckles!
[Grunts]
Don't worry! We'll get them outta here!
Yeah? How?
I'll give you a hint! [Laughs]
Oh. Shovel Claw, huh?
You gotta problem with that?
Nope. No problem here.
But if you get too close to that thing,
it might suck that claw right in.
We gotta figure out some way to get through!
There must be a weak spot hidden somewhere
in that overgrown jellyfish.
Hey, hold the phone there, buddy.
Do you see what I see?
That's it!
Heh.
Ready, Knuckles?
Ready!
Let's go!
Ha!
Now, Shovel Claw!
Go for it!
[Yelling]
Hey, Froggy?
There should be one more Emerald around here.
[Groans]
Hey, Chris, you doin' okay?
Mm-hmm.
Only problem is, how do
we get off of this thing?
We'll use the X Tornado. Easy!
[Grunts]
Doctor, wait!
You can't leave us here!
Where do you think you're going?
None of your business!
Watch out, Doctor!
Back at ya!
Let go of me, you hideous hedge rat!
Sonic!
Don't worry.
He can take care of himself.
Sure is neat, huh, Froggy?
What's he doing?
Don't touch anything, Big!
What if he tries to fly that thing?
Big, wait for us!
Uh oh! I gotta feeling we're
in big trouble, Froggy!
Stay where you are!
Too late!
No!
Big, come back!
Where is everyone?
Search me!
Oh well.
Ack!
No use hanging around here.
You can say that again!
I hope Sonic's okay.
I wish we didn't have to leave him behind.
[Chirp]
I know you're sad too, Lily.
That mean old Eggman took your
Chaos Emerald away, didn't he?
Is that-?
Your brother and sister?
[Chirp]
Did Eggman catch them too?
And when you were rescued,
you had to leave them behind, didn't you?
[Chirp]
That's so sad.
[Sad chirping]
Lily! Follow me!
[Chirping]
We're gonna find your brother and sister!
Woah...
[Dizzy recovery]
[Struggles]
Talk about a headache!
Boy, that's the last time
I hitch a ride with Eggman.
[Confused]
Who would've thought?
Just a couple of weeks ago, I
was an advisor to the president!
And now look at me.
Picking through slimy
dumpsters for my next meal.
How low can I go? Huh?
Eggman!
Who are you?
You might not remember me, sir.
I was an advisor to the president.
Oh, is that so?
And what are you doing these
days? Besides not bathing.
To tell you the truth, not much of anything.
If you could help me out, I'd appreciate it.
I have just the thing you need to put
a spark in that humdrum life of yours.
I'll take it! I'll take it!
Here. Try this.
Thank you. Thank you, sir!
Thank you!
The pleasure's mine.
Aah!
Some kind of missile!
Action!
This is Scarlet Garcia,
live from Station Square,
where an unidentified missile
has been discovered.
It's sure been nice knowing you all!
Bye bye!
[Yelling]
So long, Station Square!
[Evil laugh]
What was that thing?
Oh no!
It's going to crash!
[Crowd screaming]
[Woman crying]
It came outta nowhere!
That bridge could go at any minute!
It looks like no one was hurt.
Now, listen up! I got a message,
and it's from Eggman, so you
folks better listen good.
Well, well.
I hope you all enjoyed my surprise.
I had a blast putting it together.
And you'll have a blast in about two
minutes when my missile goes off.
[Crowd screams]
And now my trusty assistant Bokkun
will begin the final countdown!
Bokkun?
Uh, countdown?
Start counting.
Okay.
120.
119.
If Sonic were here, he'd know what to do.
Hey, no sweat, pal.
114.
113.
112.
111.
What are y'all lookin' at me for?
There's nothing I can do about this.
I wish...
He'd say I should try.
[Grunts]
He'd say I could do anything I tried.
Alright, I'll give it my best shot!
Here goes!
It looks as though Tails is
attempting to defuse the bomb.
If only I could figure out
which is the right wire.
If I cut the wrong one,
this thing will detonate.
But I-I don't have much time!
Sonic!
Sonic's always been there for me.
He's taught me so much.
But maybe now it's time I learned
to stand on my own two feet.
I know a lot of technical stuff.
I should be able to disarm
this thing in no time!
Now let's see.
It can't be that one.
Hmm.
I got it!
32 3- Huh?
I did it!
[Cheering]
Alright!
Thank you!
We love you, Tails!
You saved us!
Thanks, everyone! [Laughs]
Huh?
What is it?
[Beeping]
Thanks!
Well, you just wait 'til
I tell Dr. Eggman. Ha!
I really did it, didn't I?
[Groaning]
Everybody okay?
Were ya going, Knuckles?
I've gotta find a way back to Angel Island.
Good luck, Chris.
Hey, where are we?
In Mystic Ruin, I think.
[Crash]
Woah, that was close!
It almost crushed us!
[Nervous Laugh] I guess we're just... lucky.
Lucky?
Ribbit!
Hey, look!
[Grunt] A Chaos Emerald!
I think it's the seventh one!
Hey! Knuckles!
See ya, buddy.
Ribbit!
I'm sleepy.
Whaddaya say you and me go home, Froggy?
Ribbit!